Implement 1s pause between mutations (#234)
JuliaWeb/GitHub.jl: README.md

GitHub.jl implements a bunch of methods that make REST requests to GitHub's API. The below sections list these methods (note that a return type of `Tuple{Vector{T}, Dict}` means the result is [paginated](#pagination)).

These methods all accept keyword arguments which control how the request is made to github:

- `max_retries::Int=5`: how many retries to attempt in requesting the resources. Retries are only made for idempotent requests ("GET", "HEAD", "OPTIONS", "TRACE", "PUT", "DELETE") and delays respect GitHub [rate limit headers](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/using-the-rest-api/rate-limits-for-the-rest-api?apiVersion=2022-11-28#checking-the-status-of-your-rate-limit).
- `verbose::Bool=true`: whether or not to log retries as Info level logs
- `max_sleep_seconds::Real=60*20`: if GitHub.jl intends to sleep for longer than `max_sleep_seconds` before retrying, e.g. due to rate limit headers from GitHub, throws an `RetryDelayException` instead. 

> - `respect_mutation_delay::Bool=true`: whether or not to ensure at least 1s has passed since the last mutation has been submitted to the GitHub API from GitHub.jl, following GitHub's [recommended practice](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/using-the-rest-api/best-practices-for-using-the-rest-api?apiVersion=2022-11-28#pause-between-mutative-requests).

Author: ```suggestion
- `respect_mutation_delay::Bool=true`: whether or not to ensure at least 1s has passed since the last mutation has been submitted to the GitHub API (tracked separately per auth object), following GitHub's [recommended practice](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/using-the-rest-api/best-practices-for-using-the-rest-api?apiVersion=2022-11-28#pause-between-mutative-requests).
```
